Dear BSIM Users,
 
Thank you for your support of the BSIM models. We are releasing BSIM4.5.0 
version  today (July 29, 2005). 
 
Compared with BSIM4.4.0, several new features are added in this version.
 
1. A mobility model which accounts for Coulombic scattering and 
the channel length dependence of mobility due to heavy halo-doping; 
 
2. A scalable substrate resistance model (rbodyMod = 2) that is scalable with 
channel length, channel width and number of fingers; 
 
3. Gate resistance parameters XGW, NGCON that can now be specified as 
instance parameters;
 
4. Improved temperature dependence of model parameters VOFF, VFBSDOFF;
 
5. Enhanced tempMod = 2, where Vth(DITS) and gate tunneling models are functions 
of nominal temperature and the temperature dependence of flat-band voltage is added;
 
6. A new instance parameter DELVTO representing threshold voltage variation;
 
7. An enhanced well-proximity effect model enabling some device parameters (Vth, U0, K2)
to vary with distance from the edge of well-implantation mask due to ion-scattering;
 
8. The full BSIM4 Vth model is implemented into the Igc equation which enables 
accurate prediction of the Vbs dependence of Igc (and Ids in the low current regime).
 
In addition, seven bug fixes and two improvements are implemented in this version. 
The complete list of bugs and fixes and the users who reported them, the BSIM4.5.0 
source code, BSIM4.5.0 user manual, BSIM4.5.0 document and testing examples can  
be downloaded at:  http://www-device.eecs.berkeley.edu/~bsim3/bsim4_get.html
 
BSIM4.5.0 received intensive evaluation by TI, TSMC, Renesas, Synopsys, IBM, 
Analog Devices, and Cadence. Their testing materially improved the quality  
of the present release. Special thanks go to Dr. Joe Watts, Dr. Keith Green, 
and Dr. Peter Lee, for their guidance and technical support. We would also 
like to express our sincere thanks to all the other users who gave us suggestions.  
 
We thank you for your support for BSIM and welcome your feedback on this latest release
of BSIM4.
 
Sincerely,
 
BSIM Team
UC Berkeley